Before we dive into anything you let me come back to the project award the examples we worked on and
there specifically I want to have a look at our tooltip again.
Now keep in mind this year is an example for our tooltip here.
There's web components thing.
And of course here indeed developer tools to Google Chrome developer tools and the elements tab we can
see our own custom element here.
We see the text attribute.
We see the style we assign directly to it.
And that is also something we'll change a little bit the way we do that.
And we see our shadow roots here and conveniently the chrome DAF tools also highlight all the shadow
Dom with this light gray background.
Now one interesting thing to see here and I am not sure if you noticed that before is the fact that
web components.
So this part which actually gets pulled into this slot.
Right.
Because web components occurs before our question mark.
So technically it gets pulled into that slot even though it gets pulled in there.
We see it's not part of the shadow on right.
Web components here in the dorm tree as part of the light dorm.
It's a sibling of the shadow root and that is something crucial I want you to understand with slots
you can project content into your shadow dom.
So you got an entry point into your shadow Dom from the light dom.
So to say but you don't technically move the element into the shadow Dom the browser justice plays it
as if it were part of it but actually it's rendered differently in the DOM and you can see that here
by the fact or you can tell by the fact that we still have our slot element here.
You see our default which is not actually getting redder because we passed our own text here and we
see that it points at some other content in this case it points at some text and you click on reveal
here by the way you also jump 2D content that gets displayed in that place.
But technically it's not moved in there.
The Dom note is not moved into the shadow Dom and that is one crucial thing I want you to understand
and I want you to be aware of because that really is important to get right and to be aware of.